Update caveats section for the project references (#1898)
microsoft/TypeScript-Website: packages/documentation/copy/en/project-config/Project References.md

Project references have a few trade-offs you should be aware of.

Because dependent projects make use of `.d.ts` files that are built from their dependencies, you'll either have to check in certain build outputs _or_ build a project after cloning it before you can navigate the project in an editor without seeing spurious errors.

> When using VScode (since TS 3.7) we have a behind-the-scenes in-memory .d.ts generation process that should be able to mitigate this, but it has some perf implications. For very large composite projects you might want to disable this using [disableSourceOfProjectReferenceRedirect option](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#disableSourceOfProjectReferenceRedirect).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using VS Code (since TS 3.7) we have a behind-the-scenes in-memory .d.ts generation process that should be able to mitigate this, but it has some perf implications. For very large composite projects you might want to disable this using [disableSourceOfProjectReferenceRedirect option](/tsconfig#disableSourceOfProjectReferenceRedirect).
```
